to be a 10 tweet hello everyone and
welcome to the start of League weekly
recoded I don't know which episode this
is but it is a episode and mark is a
merman right now is tweeting about it so
go find his tweet and retweet it spread
the word we're hoping to get 30,000
viewers today on the show and so we're
pretty short before oh yeah listen where
we I've actually promised our investors
that we'll have a hundred times growth
over the course of last week of this
week so if you guys can all help that
would be great because I owe them lizard
I know some more peon investor MERS who
investors who might actually fall for
that I owe them a lot of money and I'm
somewhat concern for my legs so if we
could just get to 30,000 viewers that
would be great please help spread the
word or if you just want to buy some
viewbots real quick yeah we're only at
twenty nine thousand eight hundred oh no
its $29,988 emote so things just keep
getting better here on League weekly
recoded I think we just lost a few
viewers yeah either way let's let's go
around the home and introduce everyone
first off we've got Emily ran sitting on
her traditional couch how's it going my
anime bookshelf oh really why can't I
look I feel like that would only help us
if you had a cool anime bookshelf can we
see it
Debbi that'd be really kind next time
I'll like reconfigure there's also my
Olympic but gesture like this is an
anime book children yeah
it couldn't be replicated just pick it
okay go ahead continue is there like an
eraser spaces as the grace of something
graceful um how are you Travis good I
just got another subscriber so things
are only getting better I'm doing fine I
I'm curious if you can't show the anime
bookshelf right now because there's like
not-safe-for-work anime that you need to
hide on there yes where you had to look
to check
yeah that are wholly separate book yeah
yes no all right I'm doing well let's
let's move on to Marga's a merman who
looks like he's about to go rob someone
how's it going mark I actually just
finished robbing somebody that's where I
got this coffee Oh
apparently the homeless person or look
works for him shit I got I got a
homeless fight over the coffee's in the
trash nice and needless to say I have
one yeah I mean looking at what is a
drone I feel like you do seem a little
like a squatter there's just yeah yeah
well that's nice you have a little
category here
see this is why I don't want to show my
apartment because it's actually like
that like I haven't unpacked early I
moved here the one decoration I have now
was given to me by friends at OCS this
week so you know yeah good stuff that's
rough
all right well finally we have Kelsey
Moser who literally just moved into a
new place
today what hours ago Kelso do you want
to give us the tour of what's in your
background I mean right now there's a
lot of bags from me having just moved so
two fairly similar I fit in with the
homeless Fung Shui thing going on and
yeah I think there's a new collection of
books to be written by Emily Rand yeah
uh I think they'll be successful
oh yeah I'm excited by the way in
accordance with your German Airbnb we
just had a German subscriber Z
Burgermeister has subs so just a really
frickin tournament you really get this
German audience 4s Kelsey it's a we're
well on our way to 30,000 viewers for
this show all right
let's dive into the topic so this was
not in the list that we made but I'm
adding it because obviously the news
broke this morning a CLG has been
acquired Organa controlling stake by the
MSG company Madison Square Garden
company I don't know this is more of a
Travis topic than any of you guys I
think cuz you don't tend to give a shit
too much about eSports business stuff
but I'm curious if any of you guys have
opinions about it
I mean I guess I'm happy that they found
a big investor because as we spoke about
I forget whether was on the show or
whether it was on the franchising video
that Kelsey and I did back when we were
still at Yahoo we were talking about
franchising in na in China
Carla rubles but yeah they were as far
as I know one of the last like kind of
stragglers of the big name the big
endemic name in North America that
didn't have a large the pretty much song
to your Saddler backing him yeah so yeah
good for them I mean I think for those
that don't know it's publicly traded
company they own a ton of venues not
just Madison Square Garden but other
venues around the country which will be
interesting you know imagine like a CLG
fan meet and in MSG or in one of their
venues that could be kind of cool so
congrats to those guys but it'll be
interesting like imagine what happens
when Riot decides to throw another event
at Madison Square Garden
now there's literally a member assuming
CLG makes it through the franchise
process which you have to imagine they
will especially not with MSG there will
be kind of this interesting interaction
between the fact that there's a team in
the the the league that is actually
attached to this venue so it should be
interesting
and there's kind of like the
geolocalization thing we had a few
months back or something LGD announced
that they had already picked a city and
they were moving and building a stadium
there it's I don't know like how well
that's going to pan out exactly because
they're the only team that's made that
kind of plan so far yeah I don't think
fields you will be moving to New York
anytime soon but we will see so in any
way Congrats to those guys I'm sure
hotshot GG is now multi-millionaire
which is fascinating but that is how
eSports goes you know but congrats to
George I mean I'm literally happy for me
I'm gonna say is I'm very supportive
this guy over here now hotshots over
there and I'm on this fucking show yeah
I'm just going to he's going to Hong
Kong
you know the Legends tournament that's
true yeah I love that by now so shit way
to go competing that thing yeah yeah all
right so anyway we'll move on and
perhaps I'll cover that in a separate
video later on with more of my opinions
because there is a lot to talk about
today on the show starting off with I
haven't actually organized these I guess
we could do them in a better method but
let's just go from the top sure lck
playoff gauntlet seeding hype this is an
Emily Randy thank you
wow I think that's the first time we
started with a Korea topic well yeah
because I looked up and didn't organize
the show the right way so we're going to
lose all of our viewers now practice
area um so extra week on yeah um the
final week of lck is upon us and they're
actually some really great matchup
starting with key key you I want you
tonight to determine gauntlet seating
and for those who don't typically follow
Korea their playoff format is different
than the traditional bracket that is
used by state North America for Europe
where you have a gauntlet format so one
team automatically gets seated into the
finals which is actually super important
for World Championships points and so
you have a lot of tie light matches
including long as you Katie Katie SKT
which is always like ridiculous and then
Samsung Long's you to kind of close out
towards the end of the week so it's
really there are a lot of really great
game so I'm trying to pump people up to
watch Korea I even released the thing
today that was like the highest and
lowest finish that each team can have
there's a chance that Jane Eyre could
make playoffs even though it requires
like a huge convoluted thing to happen
where like they went out and a frico
lose out so is that so what how does
this it's a gauntlet yeah so basically
like
in order of finish you get seated so the
top team which right now is long Jiu
they get seated one through five so the
fifth and fourth place teams play first
in the best of three then the winner
goes on to face the next team in the
gauntlet and so on and so forth right
now since really hey I was just a wild
card matches best in three great yeah
right that's why not so when the fifth
and fourth teams play each other it's
called the wild card match it's the best
of three lastly it was MVP Africa which
was kind of interesting because I
thought if Rico is entire team use on
though MVP ended up winning um but there
it was an interesting series if it was
to be played out right now SKT and
Africa would actually meet in that
best-of-three which is really
interesting because skc has a poor track
record against africa so but right now
if it likes a nothing happened and there
was no movement which is actually pretty
unlikely but long zoom would be
automatically seeded into the finals
which is huge for them in terms of
circuit point because they did not even
qualify for playoffs last time but right
now be long zoo Katie you would be
seated in a second Samsung at third and
then playoffs would kick off with SKT
Africa but obviously that's not final
that's just looking at the standings
right now that's how they don't like
would be seated yeah someone in chat
says SKT needs to avoid the gauntlet
what they mean is the world championship
gauntlet and there's actually still
pretty good chance that they will avoid
it because they have more championship
points from winning spring yeah so
basically there's two gauntlets there's
this the one I'm speaking of is the
playoff gauntlet which starts after the
final week of lck but the other gauntlet
is the gauntlet for the final the
regional gauntlet for the final spot at
the world championship for Korea
right now it's actually unlikely that
fkp will land in the gauntlet only
because they have so many championship
points and they're already qualified for
playoffs but we'll see nice
all right so you just your whole thing
is you want all of us to watch I just
yeah like if you're going to watch Korea
watch this week because it's going to be
really exciting they're going to be a
lot of really good matchups between
Korea's best team so if you like if
you've been holding out or for some
reason you don't want to stay up that
late which I totally understand like at
least watch the vod's from this weakness
they should be really good and it
matters a lot
do you have a favorite Korean team that
you maybe don't follow religiously but
you want to see make the world
championship okay reuler maybe watch lon
2 vs kt
you will know the number one team on
ESPN sacrifice that light is just wait
and also watch the that Reese's okay
well hey I don't know that I would watch
it for that reason
Emily thirty seconds to give me the
major Korean storylines or LC k
storylines right now go so are skc good
or bad I think is still the thing that
people are trying to figure out because
right now they're in fourth place and
their schedule
last week was fairly easy so they went
to oh but they want to o against two of
the worst teams in the league and this
week they face
KT and then they face barbecue which are
also a bad team but if you're wondering
you know just how far have you T fallen
or are they on the rise I think that's
definitely the story I find that most
people are looking at n your own table
so only the SKT storyline I kind of feel
like if KT where K TVs we could make a
lot of jokes about SKT having a party
KTV and barbecue now okay we're moving
on one thing that we didn't have in the
nuts but something to twitch at pointed
out that we didn't have in the notes and
so I've now inserted right here Dhar doc
has returned to Team Liquid the prodigal
son after the majority there's some
journeys out in the wild why don't we
talk about this what why would we talk
about it I wrote an article you can just
read that good
okay people right people come to the
show because they want us to discuss the
hottest topics get the hottest take mark
I like I like Kelsey's take actually I
liked it a lot I just didn't like how
she put toxic myths because I just hate
the overuse of the word toxic the woman
toxic yes I think it was yeah yeah till
I get what market it was it was a good
article where basically she is saying da
rock actually isn't that special right
and you know you can shut me up if I'm
summarizing your article wrong but the
gist of it was that she was saying doc
isn't that special he was just one of
the first young talents developed so we
all hyped him up as this great young
unbelievable talent once-in-a-lifetime
player and then now the Woodworks comes
acadian moon-like young and all these
other people who are just fine and it's
Kelsey's opinion on everything in that
she'll
so initial co-chair Casterbridge
actually it was I was actually writing
an article that said that na has talent
though goddess yeah it would get notice
that you can't say like Annie has talent
you have to say dar Doc's not that but
that's how you frame it well he's not
that special because na has so much
talent Travis Michael you're seeing the
light it's tied in with the point that
people always like you got to give Derek
a chance I'll always have a place in
this league because he's so good and
just like oh maybe not and I think
that's kind of where Derek is at this
point where it's like you're not nearly
as fucking good as you think you are
dude and you couldn't make it longer
than a split on a team now this year I
think part of the so part of the value
just to like piggyback on that point
part of the value that people always
said Derek had in terms of comparing him
to other players was that he was a
native jungler so like the reason why
that's that actually is significant and
I think something that contributed to
the dark hype initially when he came out
was that he was very valuable because
you didn't have to quote-unquote waste
and imports on yep uh and it's
definitely the case now where I think
he's on his last leg someone in chat
says he he asked for a trade from
immortals yeah
that's a great way of putting it you
know what happens anytime that something
doesn't work out and you sports it's
because mutual agreement to part ways is
just like the biggest bullshit line
you'll ever hear in support techni we
all have a mutual agreement to part ways
with Yahoo that's how yeah I want to say
fuck a lot so I didn't want it to be on
yahoo yeah yeah let's all lose our jobs
it was all different exactly mutual did
yeah he just he just gave up that
three-year contracts he was like no I
think immortals is doing it all wrong
and then the mortals goes on just fine
yeah all right well okay do you think
okay so they they played doc and didn't
seem to go that well I mean mark do you
think that they keep using dyrdek or is
he just kind of sitting there and four
Academy team and stuff in 2018 I think
this was a thing where Mickey was
eligible to play in LCS but his visa was
not complete so he was like okay to play
vending his visa pending as visa getting
completed and they probably signed him
for that just because they didn't think
in Norway was was doing that well and
they kind of had him as a contingency
plan for that and then I don't know why
they decided using with golden glue but
they did he didn't look that good with
it and I think there's still a chance to
seize play time if Mickey uh apparently
arriving so as Steve tweeted earlier
today that Mickey should be arriving
like today I believe that so actually
almost thought it might be like a blue
side red typing because you want to see
if you can first take a jungler for
reignover
at some times and I think both the first
game banded up flexing but the second
game picked jungler first shirring over
so I thought but maybe that had
something to do with it we'll see yeah
they did tweet out Cain chose to use a
star doc on red side there's no Chad I
always liked that I didn't actually see
that but oh but maybe I did and now you
can just call me I'm trying to pick
myself up or whatever it is
they did use in both games on the first
series they played this week though and
he he didn't look awful he didn't look
great he looks very reminiscent of how
he looked on CLG for the most part where
it's not say it wasn't it wasn't a
factor but just he wasn't like the hard
carry stopped the early game player that
we all think of him from season six so
yellow but or yellow sub and twitch SS
mark why are they not doing anything
about piglet well I mean as far as I
know piglets attitude isn't that bad
right now and he's I think clearly their
best player so I don't know why they
would do something about piglet I'm no
server was there more I should say to
that I don't know I'm just phone nothing
oh yeah I haven't heard any any
complaints about him behind the scenes
in a little while he did have that like
one weird article that came out where he
had that interview where he's like was
obviously super fucking pissed but after
that I haven't heard anything yeah maybe
that's why you haven't heard anything
yeah they're like this game eight of
them yeah she's never say anything to
anyone ever did or do you think will be
interesting to see Dardis Mickey and
piglets are on the same line up it's
going to be a fascinating me anyway
I just think it's always fun to watch
Mickey hop regions and hop teams to see
cuz he plays the same way he doesn't
really change it's kind of funny yeah
maybe at a certain point I'm Team Liquid
strategy is we just have so many
different players doing so many
different things and they're all so
inconsistent and they're all whatever
they we have no team identity when you
play against us you have no idea what
you're going to get it's like a slot
machine and we'll just randomly generate
wins using RNG of our players I was like
an out yell strategy I asked Jensen
about that he was like Ned and really
affect our preparation whatsoever
so if that's their strategy then it
doesn't look like it's working on their
opposition I like an L feel results is
heating up strategy I like I like their
five man roster relatively you know the
one that's the one
they started with does okay you know I
will not say him stick to that for the
last week well yeah alright so last week
we spent half the show talking about
seven point one four or seven fourteen
how do you like to pronounce that mark
what's the preferred nomadic from the
top again
no no I'm saying though 714 is a seven
point one for 2014 17 is usually how I
hear it I say one for in that happily
married 14 yeah Kelsey okay was 714 as
bad as we thought after all of this and
I was interesting I talk to certain
players this weekend and they all had
kind of mixed feelings on the stuff
mostly eighty carries seem to be unsure
of if the there's more ad carry
potential now or less I have an
interview with Saint coming out recently
or coming up soon where he says June is
the worst champion the gaming doesn't
know what people are picking them so
yeah Emily Kelsey would anyway let's
just is present about this separately
yeah hey 714 post-mortem I guess who's
this is your topic Mir especially my
topic just because this is the week that
the patch hit Korea and it was weird to
me because I feel like a lot of teams we
were talking about how whether we would
see teams try to come up with for one or
one three loan compositions to try to
work around the team fighting and I
think I've actually seen a bit more of
that in Korea like right off the bat or
we've seen teams just kind of fanning
out some of the tanks and just kind of
playing how they want with like an Elise
of like haru first played brain gar
against katie and they had a really good
game and scores playing nunu and it was
just a bad luck overhaul even though
casey did end up winning the series so i
guess i wanted to see what you guys
thought about how the patch is settled
and whether we are because like in my
opinion in korea we already are starting
to see teams try to find a workaround
for just so straight-up 5v5 like a
shower head in compositions it doesn't
always work if you look at like
their MVP for example you can see a team
engineer messing it up kind of badly but
I think that teams are already trying to
figure that stuff out I think it that's
true for the most part because even in
na you see like echo fox playing camille
or and a couple of things to learn
camille and it looks fine
i think it's the case we're like yes
there are a couple like you know
quote-unquote Opie tanks that came up
with the patch but they're they're not
so dominating that you can't play around
them nor like are they necessarily fans
and then you can always just banned them
as well so if you end up with like bands
of Zack Caitlin maokai on red side the
only like Opie tank up is really
cho'gath and then poppy looks really
good everyone wants a copy okay Mona so
as you could say poppy - I think is the
tank that looks really good every time I
see it I don't see much priority on it
yeah I think it is just like puppies
winging it really is so weird but I
think the thing with show grass is that
people are not necessarily understanding
under what circumstances they can pick
it and so they just when you just blind
it you end up in situations where I can
overextend I get canes or it doesn't
have initiation CC and I think that's
become the thing that's really defining
what's good on this patch is just this
CC that almost can't be played around
right
like the maokai stuff elise stuff it's
more about like what kind of CC and then
people are finding out that you can deal
with Jarvan if you have Gragas and just
more subtle tank on tank interactions
that are kind of defining it now because
I think you can play a lot of different
stuff especially if you have Krakus in
particular like practice is going to in
my opinion rise up a lot because you can
counter after stuff with practice except
for maybe ceremony
so I actually haven't seen played as
much in North America anyway which I
found kind of interesting because I feel
I guess teams don't know or like haven't
figured out how to fit her into the
jungle rotation yet but it was good and
they'll be really strong kind of feel is
still being blinded to touch because we
see a
like you know some of these really
terrible photos were someone first ex
Calista and then the next rotation is
Alice tired maokai and what it what is
that quest quite so feels like a lot of
teams just are still struggling a little
bit like TSM just first pick colors on
red side and you're just like what the
hell is this doing there when there's
like Tris Calista and stuff like that I
think the other thing too is their art I
don't mind virus and either those magic
stomach so I think oh no I don't know
those are options to take the other just
they first picked the least that was all
that was shown so far and then they just
took morris randomly but either way i
think what you're saying with the tank
on tank interactions there are a lot of
really cool examples of that like the
echo fox series they left zack up the
enemy team first picked it so they took
maokai and then they also took poppy Jan
it's just like super shut down the Zack
who couldn't get involved in any fight
that easily the Neos UCS tried to do
that twice war and unlawful games and it
was sad but so what is the general
verdict about seven fourteen we haven't
really answered the question oh yeah I
think that they're more workarounds it's
just generally like understanding which
tanks you can't play against and then
either banning them or dealing with it
so not as bad as we thought across like
it's that bad at all okay mmm so
continuing on with sneaking in more
topics I talk to you so bloated now
somebody huh I talked to somebody this
weekend who pointed out that 715 716 I
think if I let me see if anything to get
this right because you guys know that
I'm not I'm not the Panch guy but 715
has something like 24 different champion
changes and then open 16 like every mid
laner that's a top mid laner right now
is getting nerfed and that this is all
hitting right around playoffs and then
right before worlds and that there's a
bigger or there's less of a time break
between playoffs and worlds than there
ever has been because the new worlds
format and so I don't know how much this
we're going to talk about and maybe
maybe it has been an excuse me if it has
ever been complained about but it does
seem like despite you know right I think
previously saying that they wanted to
make it less screwy right around worlds
and these weird patches they might be
doing the same thing all over again and
kind of screwing over teams that have to
learn learn patches and you know a week
or two depending on the timing of
playoffs and everything I remember we
talked about it last week a fair amount
just about how much we enjoy we like the
idea 7:14 and we were split on a little
bit but I think all of us were in
agreement that like you know 7:15 size
patches should not be existing during
playoffs or worlds and they're going to
and it's going to anyway I mean like I
feel like I'm not surprised I'm just
annoyed but doesn't kind of like my
general sentiment I think you can just
summarize everything that's wrong with
it with what happened with Sivir right
they ready oh my god Valeri release the
Sivir doubling like a champion that's
already seen play and people already
knew was good even before the 7.14
healthiest and then they double more
than double the Q damage at level one so
you more than double the champions level
and damage and then there we go we
better hotfix this apparently this
because her folic you win rate shot up I
think number one in less than a day and
by like insignificant like by a
ridiculous amount that you don't usually
see and so they decided to hospital
immediately like we could not have seen
this coming at all yeah here's another
question so it seems like they are more
open to hot fixing stuff but doesn't
that also make it even worse like you
would think okay well sometimes okay
they can office it everything
okay but and it doesn't that make it
somewhat worse for players anyway
because they might spend two days
practicing something like duskblade and
then there's a hotfix that comes out and
now the thing that they spend much time
practicing is it was supposed to be okay
isn't anymore and they've wasted their
time so now it's almost like well these
mic micro patches are fucking them over
even more I would mark oh no go I was
just going to say I would much rather I
understand it's probably pretty annoying
for players but I think universally
everyone would agree that much rather
have the patch be better balanced then
like who's going to abusive er now we
have to ban Sivir red side we're like I
think I think you much rather have to be
like okay well service priorities for hi
as we thought Mikey we saw that riot
might be willing to take higher risks
because they think they can just hot fix
it on the other side and if you're
taking higher risks then you're probably
getting a really smart Opie shit and
then hotfix it and then like even it is
probably better to have like a more
balanced patch overall through hot fixes
but if you are are if the game is
changing literally week to week to week
to week that is probably very hard to
keep like the competitive integrity
thing going I mean the people at sixes
is that I haven't necessarily seen a
half x that's so large that it just
destroys the buff rare that it makes the
champion no longer super good
I given the severe effects I think
Zimmer is still going to be stupid kind
of to an extent and then even like the
finish topics I don't think killed tuck
killed the champion like the champions
will still be strong but yeah I think to
your point if they sink hospice of six
everything and maybe they'll make more
mistakes and then they hotfix and change
it a little bit and it's not as good but
I don't know if that's part of their
philosophy at all
I think um so one example I was going to
bring up of a chick Kelsey point of how
hotfixes don't necessarily destroy a
champion or disrupt how like stop how a
patch disrupt things is if you look at
the LPL gauntlet regional gauntlet from
2015 everyone as far as I know and you
can correct me if I'm wrong ever
one thought we were on the the unhoppy
Spach with garner but we actually they
actually weren't it was me it was topics
right before the gauntlet started and it
still had major consequences in terms of
how that got played out um most
specifically IG but anyway I'll put my
IG bitterness aside I think my thing
with pageants or it'll be back and I'm
sure it'll be back i jus said Arness
will be back yeah it's good I have a lot
of rage and pent-up feelings on ID
anyway I think that my thing with
patches is and my major issue I guess
and this can also be like Sivir can kind
of act as a microcosm for it where I
think they don't necessarily pay
attention to how things are already
starting to change within previous
patches instead they focus on how the
previous patch was on release instead of
how teams or players even in-game have
already adapted to it over the course of
that patch being in existence
um I know like this is kind of
retreading a bunch of stuff I talked
about last week but I think that's my
major frustration not like the hot fixes
and not like the super broken stuff but
like small things that they don't
realize how much of a big deal it will
be and then not paying attention to what
happens at the tail end of patches
instead of what happens at the start of
previous patches hopefully thank you I
mean it's hard to do that if you're
patching every two weeks anywhere right
so just why I'm talking to me yeah
especially right around like crazy
competitive time or something so I feel
like with the hotfix is this time it
feels like they're trying to do some
last-minute like semi significant
changes to like spice up the meta a
little bit or something then they're
just not being able to test them as
thoroughly as they should
that's how it kind of feels to me where
it's like alright we want to get these
out these changes out before playoffs
really starts and then it's like oh shit
we didn't get them right I mean I think
that the the line that riot gives is
that oh yes it's really bad to make a
major change before a major
international
but I mean we know that it's not bad in
terms of your account and like people
want to see really exciting stuff and
then I even remember in the 715 press
conference when people asked about like
the huge patch change right before
worlds they said we think it's like
really cool that there have been so many
champions played you know and so um I do
think that to an extent there's probably
at least still a debate within riot
balancing and eSports
about whether or not a patch a big patch
close to Worlds is a good thing not so
maybe go alright well let's move on
mark you have last week we were talking
about do we believe in Dignitas and I
think the general assumption or answer
was not yet you're now bringing the
question back this week do we believe in
big toss no I didn't well I did actually
gosh a dome yeah I didn't and now I
believe in them a little bit more
basically because of how well they're
bot Lane has been performing when they
don't think Karthik's I just like their
graphs generally I think they still have
a pretty good car and I feel like I just
scrub that out of my mind
singleton Scott so you brought it up
again yeah the - oh right that's serious
sure that game didn't exist at all just
like GBM Karthus game didn't exist this
well I had to cast that don't pick
harvest I think it does speak pretty
interesting to the current meta though
around mid lane right now where
basically you can spam one champion and
it's very hard for the other team
unless they're specifically on blue side
to really limit a champion pool like
right now you see all mids just picking
the same two champions every game where
it's like Thalia + Corki for some teams
or Cassio + or E or or e + something
else in like they all are just playing
the same two champions every game
because it's too hard to target the mid
lane pool right now with like tanks and
supports and all that stuff I think it's
also just like the mid liners that are
being picked or super versatile and to
take clear waves really well and so the
try to influence me it is to actually
just tank with your jungler and support
and so that's what decides mid lane not
match up itself so I think that's also
part of it yeah it's just saying that
like it's really funny to watch Keane
play
Casio like seven times and three weeks
and you're like man they should probably
try and target the Casio but it's like
all downhill just blind Thalia and then
you're still fine it's it's so hard to
pinch in mid champion pool right now I
think a common red side strategy is
still to go like two bands and then on
the next rotation pick right after you
do your three pixel then you do the two
bands that are mids and then you pick a
new mid right away so that you can get
like 40 and then ban LeBlanc and
syndrome or Sundra and Thalia or
something and then maybe get like a
super good matchup but so I think
there's still bad strategy but other
than that I agree with you but what does
this mean for Dignitas and if we believe
in them well it was kind of the point
that like key it's like a little scary
that Keane seems to only play really
well on Cassio but in the current meta
like everything every Bellator yeah
every mid laner every team is like oh
they're hit playing center every game on
TSM so should we start thinking that
Dignitas might make a triumphant showing
and playoffs I mean I have more faith in
them in this playoffs and I had in last
playoff yeah I'd like that
everyone everyone and you're saying
enough 81 I still think that the other
teams has some catching up to do on
understanding like good pick priorities
in certain situations I think TSM is
always sort of slow to do that so I mean
when you look at some of these other
teams so or not I think dignitas got a
head start
another good so I'm not sure they'll
make like a triumphant run in playoffs
or anything but there's some aspects of
them that I think are patch resistant
that look better like the bot lane like
Emily said but they're also just they
got a head start because they figured
something out yeah cute oh go ahead mark
I was just to say that like I also think
the other thing is that like they could
look really good into playoffs and still
lose in the first round just because the
top five teams with energy kind of on
the outside all look really close to
each other
yeah and that's well that's where I was
going to go
I'm sure will Holly talk about this a
little bit with c9 but it does feel like
you know for the first time I can
remember and Mark correct me if I'm
wrong as the guy on the desk but it
I always feel like by the end of a split
you know in North America at least like
who is the best team like it's probably
that team that's been undefeated for the
last seven weeks or something and what
is interesting here is I still don't
know who is the best team maybe you guys
know I don't but it does feel like
everybody looks pretty vulnerable and I
am worried that everybody is bad because
it does feel like it's not just like the
top teams trading games with each other
and it's like oh like these are clearly
the top four teams it's like random shit
keeps happening we're like p1 upsets
somebody or something so I would have
more faith and they're being parody if
like you know the six team was taking
games off people or whatever but it does
feel like everybody know feeling your g1
was a different it's a little bit
different just because of the internal
changes that happened on one knee og CLG
was weird to you yeah Yoji actually just
played awful and games like I feel like
hot just kind of an outlier like it a
bun it was so cocky well like what the
Jin died I was mean but yeah more to my
point like is there a good team right
now and his Dignitas just look good
because there is no good team look at
career it's the same argument there
right like Korea is kind of up in the
air but like is anyone like I bet
Korea's probably not that good right now
no okay what's satisfied right on Korean
teams all the time let's I've been
relative strength of North America to
the other regions mice point still
stands with Dignitas is Dignitas only
looking good because everybody else is
kind of like whatever right now in else
and na LCS we kind of had this
discussion last split before msi - right
i mean it kind of cleared up a little
bit at the end and there was seem to be
teams that were at the top and we got oh
there's a lot of parity and then
playoffs everyone got kind of three own
story
summary files but I think that yeah
there's just still some wiggle room
going on and I think patching if we are
going to have people big chat touches
will change stuff up a lot so it's hard
to say right now but I mean everyone is
just going to default to TSM anyway yeah
I think it looks like yeah I think TSM
and immortals don't look like they have
as strong a handle on the patch but like
over the course the season there's still
some best two teams Dignitas has a great
handle on the patch if when I'm down
cloud 9 let's use that actual transition
to our next topic play style problems so
this ties into a little bit of the first
series that they played this week
against TL we're in the first game they
had trundle taken relatively early as
well as an Alistar Jarvan and Tristana
and they didn't know what they wanted to
play there so they ended up going with
Twisted Fate and I had purposeful which
already accorded Jessica I only says
because I actually had an interview with
him was released today but he said that
he didn't admit that their composition
was really weird because they drafted
like all these champions that kind of
want to split push and that wasn't
necessarily the composition that they
would have guessed they would have
wanted TF in but I can say this because
the interviews are do he said
specifically that Twisted Fate was
picked against the Thalia because they
wanted to test it out against the Thalia
and they'd had success of it in streams
before LPL is done not a lot actually in
the person yeah I mean Thalia is
basically known as the better TF these
days anyways so I can understand that
point and yes they did have lost with
push champions and you can kind of use
like the t-shi and split push but they
just like they were in an even game so
like even though you can say the comp
wasn't like ideal and all that stuff
they were in an even game versus t.l and
in their shock calling and like
decision-making which is really bad and
probably part of it is you because I
don't know exactly what they want to do
with that comp but it just showed that
they seem like they can only win if they
can teamfight and then the next few
games they just take order in gents and
gos the fuck off and
our caries and then the next series it's
pretty much the same story and so I
think for me like and we talked about a
lot of teams all just playing the same
style over and over and over but in a
best-of-five if it's not about Jensen
getting like a late game team fighting
champion the team feels kind of weak and
I didn't know as we're talking about
Dignitas is being a little exploitable
for these reasons and yes m-maybe I want
to touch on c9 for that same thing if
you guys think that's a big problem I
kind of lost that I was a little bit
excited about t9 because it seemed like
I had figured out how to balance them up
in one force and I kind of set up but
now that it's harder to play side lane I
think they're having some of their
problems that they had in the past with
bouncing the map and trading sides so I
think that that's a fair criticism to
make is but c9 have benefited quite a
bit from patch changes but they've had a
lot of the same core problems like the
elimination of lane swap and things of
that nature
well so one of the things I'm not sure
about is like impacts champion pool is
pretty booty if it's not like gnar and
then maybe maokai so if you either I'm
not sure what would be better if you
target mid lane and just take Gentz and
off like syndra ori and like maybe casio
or if you can or if it's better just to
target impact just because i like going
to a best-of-five people are going to be
a lot more specific in their attack on a
team versus like at the end of the
regular season everyone's more trying to
figure out like what the hell do we even
do on seven fourteen not necessarily
what a really specific bands to destroy
c9
yeah I mean I guess it depends on
whether you think that and like I don't
I don't necessarily think the Twisted
Fate game is a particularly good example
but like it depends on kind of like what
we talked about with what you brought up
with keen like it depends on how strong
you think Jensen is versus how easy a
team thinks it is to pick for Midlands
um in this current meta
especially when you have xylenes doing a
lot more work
and smoothie I think is pretty good
roaming support with tanky initiators so
that's also something you have to watch
out for on c9 because vici is really
efficient by themself which definitely
frees up smoothie to room so yeah I mean
it's going to depend on whether you
think like what do you think Jensen's
taking Jensen specifically out even
though there's always going to be stuff
that he'll be able to play is
significant enough rather than targeting
someone like impact house I actually
don't even know what I do if I was a
team going up against them I'd probably
try Jensen's first if only because I
feel like historically not even
necessarily this split we've seen some
of it the split historically I think
he's always been there like safety net
so if they do mess up their team
composition or they do draft a
composition that's kind of weird or
whatever like their team fights a lot of
the time have come down to Jensen you
know getting some sort of crazy multiple
kill on their opposing team and
obviously uh that was combined with
impact previously if you go like all the
way back to last year what you do here
at na LCS team is that you start an
ardent support you get all of na LCS to
start playing ardent building supports
and then you been through they can't
roam and buy new target Jensen ceases
later three week plan holds a hakuto and
roams on karna models like the office on
block guys let's go alright that's also
a nice transition for the next topic it
is viral cross champion pool mark
Zimmerman go alrighty so yesterday I was
doing glt again and I was kind of
shitting on tsm's draught problems a
little bit and one of the things I said
was I think bio frost has the worst
champion support pool of all the playoff
teams
and I said I would rather have not
necessarily in terms of just play but in
terms of pool I would rather have hockey
ho Olay afro Adrienne or he was a person
15 I forgot somebody anyways one of the
other guys and I was saying that like he
has a Thresh in prom
did you say Oh Cena yeah movie movie
movie so so bio Frost has a threshing
barometer very good and strong in the
meta but after that he doesn't really
seem to play any champions and has
resorted to caramel Lulu and even Nami
most recently which looked useless he
did secure a kill with that bouncing
Evan flow yeah that was nice and all but
for the most part it looks pretty
useless and when you look ampion pools
people are playing they have they have
blitzcrank's they have Morgana's they
have bards they have even Janna is more
impactful at this point than a lot of
those and I'm just concerned that like
because people freaked out when I saw I
thought a champ will sucked so I don't
know if you guys feel so in before we
get you before we get to the responses
I'm going to let twit freak out first
mark Ryu proxies smoothy's unique
champions during summer split nine bio
frost sneak champion split during summer
split nine bio Frost poems played during
summer split tom thresh braum lulu karma
smoothies thresh lily Brom or con bard
yeah I don't know if you guys noticed
that those last three were pretty
different I think the thing for for
statistics like that is that many
champions play doesn't necessarily tell
you how well it went or if they're
playing on what patch yeah
like when's the last time you saw some
movie picking that stuff frequently
wears like hiyo frost latest series
where he exclusively played Lulu Karma
Nami alright sorry Emily and Kelsey how
would you respond to marks accusations
against poor young Vincent holy what a
bowl up aye aye
don't even know if it's a champion pool
thing as much as bio Frost has been kind
of slow to learn stuff I think that he
hasn't really adapted to just generally
the vision control meta in the lower
river as well like roaming with the
jungle as much to mid lane I think it
was weird because GSM are kind of good
at it
last year before worlds but it's been a
flaw of theirs since double of to
deterrent I think so
I know it's it's for me there are a lot
of questions around buyer Frost
other than his champion pool a lot of
those supports you'd mentioned I just
want generally regardless of champion
pool over PI or arena so I think that
there and I'm not blaming bio frost by
himself obviously I think it's obviously
team stuff and things like that affect
like how a player performs or how the
put how the team is playing around the
support jungle setup and stuff like that
right so like you won't shatter like he
can play bard and look I know he can
play bar but they're not picking it so
when I say like those are the problems
I'm not saying he can't solve them it's
just like right now they don't play bard
I was going to say for me it's more of a
weird team issue that they don't and
like I don't know if this is because he
came up kind of like when he first came
in he was very obviously like shadowing
devils and they really focused on
having strong laning together um so I
think that's maybe what is causing some
of these issues in terms of what they're
drafting for him because we've seen this
or I've seen this and I'm going to
compare it not to where people might
think is the more apt comparison with
Wolff because I feel like Wolff has a
huge body of work that you can look at
right so I don't think that comparison
works at all because we've had similar
criticisms in previous weeks when
talking about Wolff support pool rate
because SKT was taking him Lulu Zyra
liked it and it just was not looking
good um so I think what I do want to who
I do want to kind of draw a comparison
with bio frost is with cord JJ on
Samsung Galaxy where I think that they
focused so much on having him be Lane
dominant support right from the get-go
when he came in with double lift and now
I think what I'm seeing is more of a
problem transitioning to that roaming
like tankier style outside of Bromwich
obviously he's played before and again
like I always want to reiterate in terms
of like specific champion pools for
specific players especially when you
don't have as large of a body of work
again going back to the wolf thing with
bio frost specifically I think it's
probably more that they are not having a
lot of success in scrims with him
detached and grooming but that would be
like my presumption obviously I don't
know but when I look at a situation like
this that's kind of where my mind goes
first
like they're not they'd rather have him
in lane because that's where they're
having more success like they're having
more success with them on new support do
I think it's necessarily good sign
hesitancy playoff not really especially
in the enve series I did not think TSM
looks good that was kind of a
frustrating theory to watch generally
that was my Rico that series another
thing I remember stone was would you
rather be
CLG losing to p1 where you're just
clearly playing really bad and it's like
okay they had an off day and just did
some dumb stuff or would you rather be
TSM who were actually like not playing
terrible and legitimately struggling
versus envy because they they were like
moving around the map better and getting
objectives and had like gold leads
despite always being down kills I don't
know which one it looks worse on there's
also weird because I feel like there
were just openings really really obvious
openings like I think it was the second
game where MB had super strong back
control and super strong blue buff
control they never just like doe thought
and yeah public attention you know how
to yeah yeah that was a frustrating
thing for me is that like so if you're
talking about what I rather have the co
I feel like
oddly enough clg's loss is in some ways
less demoralizing than the TSM win
because I feel like you look at like if
I'm TSM and I'm looking at that I'm like
wow we are supposed to be a lot better
than this already in terms of leaving
those openings up and then if I'm envied
I'm like why didn't you take advantage
of this Ryu procs your arch-nemesis now
mark would you rather be CLG and go 0-2
or BTS if I go to one kappa good one
mark Dean I mean this is dream like I
need to win and like I'm going to be in
playoffs and my drafts are bad and where
he gave up there and the other me team
just didn't do anything I was like oh
wow we went for Dom Envy level one
against a Brom maybe maybe we just
shouldn't do that next time
I just love giving voice to this know it
helps me get angry I don't know but I
it's always I kept doing that to like
the starfish's
like what degree and I already know what
I am also serious
Nidalee too so it has like wrong and I'm
this doing we're losing your Kelsie
where did everybody get quite all of a
sudden no I just don't buy a TOEFL okay
I don't know what happened either way we
have swag lovely okay so wrapping up on
the bio frost champion pool mark is
concerned
Emily less concerned Kelsey apathetic
that seems like that's where everybody
falls I'm just concerned about you sir
yeah I was going to say I like Tara
bulky and I want them to succeed
yeah okay is that true I mean yeah I
generally want teams to be better I
would rather have international parity
then well you sounded like you were
saying to concern about TSM like because
you care about TSM which would have been
I would have been surprised to hear I
mean I do care about you ISM I care
about most games and I want them all to
be good we have you really I did not
watch me good she's the number one team
liquid supporter I know that for a fact
she went through June I would like
wanted to have a better managerial
decisions so that they too can succeed
you know it all went downhill when they
they lost their coach from 2015 I think
that was when it started to get bad so
joke about mark all right kind of IG and
RNG through fastness is this another
mark German as I lost era mater know
what I'm pretty sure you toward it like
that even even the way you worded I was
so comunidade the rise of orangey and
igg through the more and faster approach
one has listens to KD FM apparently okay
so the ID and RNG went for really really
heavy ganking lines and this actually if
I were Travis and I were arranging this
better would have made sense putting 721
for stuff a little bit but and I thought
it was pretty interesting that you are
suddenly having IG Bennett from the
patch almost by playing counter to touch
by picking like leasing Elise I mean
those champions are good I guess Lisa
and reksai and then just ganking a ton
of lanes and playing like really really
strong winning lanes and I think hgk had
a game similar to this against slice
where they're just running through lanes
and I actually talked to defense of the
topics all over the place a little bit
about this and he did kind of make the
comment that if you are really strong in
individual lanes then it's a lot easier
to get vision and it's a lot easier to
adjust for bear and even against ICC so
like if you can bank on this route it's
successful and IgE because they have
talented players but not necessarily a
good team are actually benefiting from
this flaw so and then rng actually they
just had a ton of CC and they can I say
gangbang no thank you
wake up parity our little subs they're
going to get a fantastic
why do you think
it was some kind of shaming that was
against King bangs I'm pro King being
honest you guys talking about
thank you gang bangs okay we're thinking
about making making a cutout clips for
YouTube of mark talking sitting on pile
frost because I was like that will do
well maybe now mark just saying I'm Pro
gang thank so yeah and then you could
freeze it but it's like nc-17 Nazis yeah
like an aged gave an amazing do we need
a warning label wall instead of
uploading it to YouTube or they're going
home gangbanging thank you for
everything
Oh bad look that aspect yeah so what
about that
what could a Western audience take from
that Kelsey Moser and it ties into a lot
of different things I guess about the
meta like it's weird cuz I need them
like like ocean dragon he thinks the
ocean dragon is really good now because
actually he's not the first I have an
example of ad carry's they have the same
thing to me especially if you're going
to be fighting in bottling early Oh give
you this knowledge yeah you when lanes
really easily with ocean Drake and then
you can swim off in there and so it's
easier to get vision and just I mean
it's less scary to fight CC I think is
the idea if you can get a big LEDs so I
think this this idea is interesting so
you know me I love early King so I mean
I think my ballpark my secret agenda I
think I brought this up with a Samsung
decision to play Haru which actually
didn't last because they immediately
swap back to ambition for more of the
style that I kind of thought they were
going to go for on this patch in there
like series after they lost to Casey but
um I think that I've seen teams in Korea
trying this with some success as well I
know I pointed it out as
so failure because they did not win
their series and they made a ton of
mistakes so it's not even a series I
recommend people go and watch
necessarily but I saw Jenner trying to
do this with MT as well because he is
also that type of jungler that really
just kind of wants to fight and be in
lanes and he does a lot of stupid things
because of it um but I think you will
see like Elise
I think should still be and is like very
high priority
I do think rengar is okay in certain
situations if you want to go that route
as well again like haru played it really
well into uh and i mean I wasn't a fan
of kc going to the composition they did
but like it was into a nunu and the
jungle where obviously he could get a
few more early advantages so uh I don't
know I want to see teams doing this as
well because the as I've said before
when talking about this patch I don't I
don't necessarily always like the scale
and weight is to fight a 5v5
so and it's not you don't even have to
necessarily is we're not even saying you
have to be strategically good to pull
this off because like sometimes you can
play the strategy and be strategically
awful so I mean I'm saying play that and
did win a game so like very good yeah no
we are about Invictus gaming upstairs
III think it's just people in general
like diversity and riot had trouble
that's barely generating it themselves
so it's kind of cool when teams do very
good thing moving on is the EU format
less exciting Oh
Kelsey Moser you've been in Europe for a
month now I am stealing Marx's brand
here a little bit because he goes to
Reddit and he finds people complaining
about stuff and rants about it so uh
then there was a big thread recently
it's like oh my gosh the EU LCS format
is so bad
imagine if we had the any format then
we'd have h2k and g2 and fnatic uol all
fighting each other rocket could make a
last-minute run it's like no I don't
really think that that would happen I
think you just have like a very clear
cut you'd have a much more clear cut
because I feel like GU has a lot big
drops from bottom to the next run or
from the top three to the next run and
then from there they have more drops to
the next rung and there's just really
clear cut and it's harder to see that
actually because of the group format so
in a way the group format makes it more
interesting it's just that you don't
actually get to see these matches play
out much so if you look at LPL there's
like a ton of parity in that region with
teams winning all sorts of stuff and
they have the same format and the scores
are much closer so I really don't think
it's before that issue I just think that
there's like this weird lack of parity
and the yellow is that people are
complaining about I was going to say a
lot of the things see so I went back
back in Reza said and a lot of the
things that they bring up especially
when so they brought up how exciting
Korea has been the split they're like
yeah like long zoo is about to take
first place and SKT is doing really bad
but those are in my opinion those are
not for matsing those are just SKT
struggled since rift rival and so now
you have a genuinely like different I
guess look at Korea because previously
like all of last year it was the Rox
Tigers dominating everything but then
fkc would sneak up and beat them right
until summer that was always the thing
like the Tigers could never beat us
Casey and SKT was destined to win and
all this other stuff
so I think that this split there has
been a little bit more parity at the top
when you look at top korean teams i do
not think that that is because of their
format in fact i think it has absolutely
nothing to do with their format i think
it has to do with the fact that you did
have a lot of teams improving from last
split and you had sk
he kind of really starting to show some
of their struggles that they actually
did have this past spring but weren't
exploited as well by other teams so I
mean I don't I don't think it's a I
guess I am NOT arguing against if this
person feels like watching Europe has
not been as exciting and that is their
opinion and that's what they've thought
from watching it but I don't think that
it's a format issue
yeah the problem is separating how
boring Europe is generally from the
format I think I mean Europe to me I
think has been much more exciting but
then lastly and obviously people want to
see more I think people just want to see
more t2 vs h2k or more HD K versus
somatic I really don't want to see
unicorns of love play more games I mean
that's in general the problem though is
that that's in general the problem
though is that for me is that they're
just like too many regular-season games
until you can get to the playoffs anyway
so to me you're just asking to add more
of these matches that ultimately be
boring even going to remember or think
of as meaningful when we get to the semi
finals and so I just don't even think
that it's like why are you why do you
care suddenly when you get to the
playoffs you're going to be compared
complaining about how the regular season
was too long anyway and none of the
matches mattered I think I think the
format especially last but when I was
saying a little more attention to your
Plus which I think that like really
exacerbated some of the problems that
existed in Europe anyway is where it's
like you have really bad teams like
horrible teams in both groups and it
just makes every game involving that
team boring so it's like the top seems
when the bomb teams are boring the
bottom teams playing the bottom teams
are boring and then yes you have like
the lacrosse conference or whatever
battles which are cool but like you said
that this format would probably be sick
if there was more parity in it where
like you get to have the really hyped
cross Conference battles that make it
seem like which which one is actually
better you can have this discussion as
opposed to like it is now I think I'm
obviously like I
is cool to see more due to person's h2k
but what isn't necessarily cool is to
see more ni P versus monkeys or that
you're gonna get more matches of both
kinds with a format that's just the
thing is that you doesn't have parity
right now and that's going to make it
boring either way I think so would have
been better for them to switch back to
another format until they actually get
teams that are good I mean I think it
would be there would be boring aspects
anyway I think it's almost like you're
reciting boring no I don't think more
than every region though like and
whenever people bring stuff like them
you play mid caned you guys play mid
came let's go come on ah like oh you're
not opt whatever country you're in at
that time is your region we played it we
do this we do that well I mean we're
always from anymore yeah nice month when
I'm when I'm in the US will see if I'm
calling an a my region saying yes I'm on
the show that's to be fair of you if you
look at Friday's games from this week in
na LCS they were so bad it was like P
one verse echo Fox and the mortals
versus fly quest or something and like
both series were stomped and then like
we left and it was just like like those
are problems to like na has like with
their format problems as well I guess
the thing that I would like to ask
whenever people like not ask you guys
but whenever people bring up like format
or like things used to be so much more
exciting when pick arbitrary point in
League of Legends history um is what do
you think so like taking away the
discussion of like tournament formats
just looking at the league formats that
have been adopted since 2015 will say
because that's kind of when everything
normalized across the board like what do
you think regular seasons are supposed
to be about because like coming from a
traditional sports background like do I
look back and look at every single Red
Sox game and I'm like this is the most
exciting
ever knowledge because there are so many
of them okay we're using meaning of life
stress you know um anyway yeah I know
people think baseball is boring and
maybe that's the whole other topic
baseball husbands like I like baseball
that has a notoriously yes awful regular
I think I think my point is that like
when you have this large amount of games
that is specifically for playoff
seedings like that is the purpose the
purpose of the regular season is to seed
team for playoff and grow I would say
like those detecting so I mean that is
going happen
I guess it's my liking I don't I don't
know oh no what a lot is I think a lot
of people forget that that's more what
or I guess maybe I'm just weird that's
more what the regular season is for me
is to see like where teams end up and
see them prior to playing in playoffs
which are obviously a lot more important
once the versa ten seed is not supposed
to be entertaining and probably
shouldn't be unless it like there's an
upset happening and there's nothing you
can do about that but they still have to
play each other yeah see what what they
have to do to make things more
entertaining is that they have to make
one of the players tape their fingers
together on the top team let's see what
happened to it or any more gimmicks
there is just two to three to show where
she'll be like wait you're here because
we're like and then try to play Kelsey's
voice changes and she says you see what
they have to do is and it's always like
oh boy here we go
Travis or this game ready to toss to the
next segment yeah
all right speaking of which EU coaching
still in Europe the great state of
Europe okay so the reason why this is
relevant is that splice just announced
that they are curbing their head coach
likes Matic did last foot so we're going
to their Kerby
all they're firing him I don't know I
take my way to the curb okay oh yeah I
felt my topic like Marty is just
violently ending the career of his coach
is pretty apart II would never do this
he's tossing him out like fresh prints
like DJ Jazzy Jeff Bell like I don't you
I can they start eating they're benching
I went somewhere between benching and
kicking to the curb my father is also
good when I read of him yeah different
don't have a replacement it's me yeah
creative you know babe there was no
chemistry I'm her baby I don't they are
vision in her life there you go yeah do
they are they trying to like it's an
Kooks pregnant I don't understand
the point is but this times happened
multiple times now this year because we
had fnatic and I would assume that
they're going to do Spears like they're
going to put a staff member on stage
maybe Marty himself you know because I
think it's after roster look I'm not
sure roster lock effects of coaches have
a depressor lock or what but they should
theoretically be part of the team right
so I think they I thought they had the
same one so it's a little bit weird the
question and in general but the idea you
poaching is just the poaching is super
pond that's one of the sentiments that
come up even when I interviewed an NA
like so I wasn't necessarily super high
on Dylan he was like you know he makes
sure that we go to gym and stuff and um
well and then he was like he's from na
and na has more coaches and stuff so
theoretically I think an a the head and
coaching so it was just kind of like
this sort of idea that they have I don't
know it's just it's an interesting
thought processes this EU coaching eCos
like question is how many good coaches
are there any you are they all na
coaches what what makes a good coaching
EU yeah you know sometimes you like you
import something that's not like the top
shelf thing and sometimes that gives you
a bad impression of that whole thing oh
you know maybe Europe had a little bit
of a bad first impression on any coaches
given who wait
generally they really like probably yeah
well so probably is good for sure I
would say he's only been with htk de
l'homme so it other than people who have
played under h ck during that time no
one else would probably know directly
and he has a really good reputation
because players talk to each other yeah
yes like all the players know what
splice thinks of their coach at age to
day things with their coach I mean it's
fair to probably - he didn't like come
up under na when there was really
coaching going on in North America like
he was more season 3 and tailing to
season 4 and then he coached I believe
so he basically did not like steal ideas
from any coaching that he brought to EU
or something like that he's mostly his
own person so but like in Europe other
than prolly who would you say are like
the top coaches because I think in like
North America you can be like yeah we
have pars and Tony and reapered and even
like copied st. to an extent like you
can kind of respect them they have some
body of work and I mean I think that
there's some debate I think that
generally even the coaches that are
praised there's always the second
there's always the copier
right like Yamato Canon and shibi it's
like they can teach you the basics and
they can get you to a certain level but
then do you want more from the coach and
may play it they didn't necessarily you
fall into too much like I guess the
waste place put it when they were being
very delicate about why a motto Kenan
but why they parted ways with the Amano
Canon was that they felt like they
couldn't really involve any more with
him or that they weren't necessarily
learning anything together so
I that kind of criticism comes up a lot
even with a lot of the coaches that are
praised I think that a lot of coaches in
Europe because there are some teams that
don't have managers or there are some
teams that don't have analysts that you
have coaches taking on a very like
almost managerial organizational role so
there are a lot of things like that
going on in Europe I think to that point
about like they came in and they teach
something that actually happens a lot
with the coaches in general in league
and then the difference between like
this guy understands a game and can come
in and tell you how to approach the game
and like this guy has systems that he
uses as well as how he researches
challenges players to grow and improve
and bring visual improvement to a player
as well so like you know broken shard is
someone who gets bounced around a lot
and even though he's probably not like a
top top to your coach he's a guy who
understands the game enough to like can
come in and improve a challenger level
team or a lower level team and that
sounds like a lot of the European
coaches where is like and someone like
Tony is someone who's very very like in
depth about the game and it's the one
bringing strategy suah steam and telling
them how to think about things and like
here's a new level one here's this
jungle route here's this shit and like I
don't know if European coaches have
someone who's like that's the guy who
does that that you can point to who's
like super next-level about not only the
game but like how to improve outside the
game yeah I would say probably the
feeling when people say that a lot about
I mean even when you talk to certain
teams or there's usually like a player
that's pointed to for that kind of thing
rather than the coach you know say I
think it's just a lot more of player
centric environment and also like it's
really weird because I see a lot of
parallels here that I do in Brazil
actually which is where slices coach
came from in case people didn't know and
the team he came around my gosh yes yes
I had a really interesting interaction
with someone in the press whose name I
won't reveal for to not embarrass him
where after I interviewed Dylan from
fnatic I came and I said that I
interviewed Dylan and he said oh the
prison billion guy no not quite so it's
all the confusing yeah your he coach and
Brazilian team basically he coach read
and they were a team of players that
either had a lot of experience in Brazil
they have one particular player
particular player who is just very
knowledgeable about the game and when I
say that I mean he looks at a lot of
outside regions he looks at macro he
comes up with a lot of that stuff and I
think that Brazil is weirdly like Europe
in this way where they have so they have
a lot of veteran players who either came
up when they weren't being coached or at
all or their coaches were their friends
just so they could say they had a coach
and they didn't really do much they were
just like hi players on the ladder this
is not recent ugly this is I'm talking
like as some of these players came up
and then recently as they've adopted
more of like oh we need to have coaches
need coaches be good etc
they've imported some coaches but
they're still that kind of disconnect a
lot of the time and I'm not saying every
team is like this because it's
definitely not but I'm saying I do see
it a lot where players have a lot more I
guess say in what goes on in a more
visible manner that makes sense play
because I think players actually have so
have a significant say on na teams as
well but there's what kind of attitude
where like if a player feels like
something is bad they might push back a
little bit more because they have a lot
of confidence in themselves and they
have a lot of like and then there's
Irina wears lifts gets all of the sub
skates because he wants them to yes
let's go I think in every region you
hear even like the
coaches in the regions be like I heavily
rely on my players to tell me what they
think is good like Reaper says that coma
says that parcels at all of them are
like yeah my players tells me like this
is not going to lose botlane and I
should I should pick this all the time
like fuck I'm going to pick it all the
time I'm not going to be like no you're
wrong
yeah there are but I think that there's
a difference between that and just
saying like I mean I just saying that I
make sure that their laundry gets done
like I mean I think that those I don't
want to put that down because I actually
have a lot of respect for Young Buck and
the stuff that he did for g2 and I mean
a lot of people give a lot of credit for
methey on g2 but you also remember that
g21 LCS without nippy as well so I do
think that he does have a lot of
underrated input on the team but I do
think that there are a lot of coaches in
EU that are either managers or player
friends or things exist or and then of
course there are a lot of coaches in EU
who do a lot of stuff within their
capability but I do think it's um an
interesting place that needs to be
looked at and examined and maybe it's
just a matter of taking time to have
these guys develop but I think there are
done for a lot of people to develop as
coaches all this age because they don't
know where to pull inspiration from nor
Sarah Lee go move American make the big
bucks another things that I an egg get a
coaching job if I want the big bucks
wheat speaking I guess and this is like
because I'm super old but like I think
and the other thing is just that if you
have someone even if they want to be a
coach and they've come up watching
League of Legends a lot of the
difference between like and one of the
reasons why I actually really think you
cannot make any sort of one-to-one
comparison with League of Legends
coaching to traditional coaching is that
typically even coaches themselves only
tend to be like at the same age as their
play
years or slightly older which i think is
another thing that's the end all be all
but I do think that it could can lead to
issues because of a blurring of lines
and authority now I'm not even saying
you need to have like absolute authority
because you don't and I don't think that
works for a lot of people anyway is
trying to get a coaching job because
she's old
what like hey I am talking about your
about coaching Anna Mae Pick of the Week
Emily oh well while we're at anime Pick
of the Week please twitch chat light up
with questions for the team let me see
where you don't having please yeah I
totally forgot oh okay
a show that I've been really liking but
it's kind of hard to get yet cuz you
have to you have just have crime if I'm
trying to watch it and it's on there
like streaming things but it's called
maiden abyss and it's an adventure story
with as Kelsey's get about to make fun
of me really good animation and in
cinematography I mention all kind of I
know right it's like a kind of
straightforward adventure story with
some dark twists and I'm really enjoying
it so thus far it's been a really good
show and I change this to animes Emily's
pretty anime pictures of the weaker like
a slideshow alright there you go what is
the what some again as always I will say
the animation is great and I will ask
you what the fuck the anime is about it
is about this giant dementia legend not
answer the question yes it's really hard
to explain
uh monsters these kids and their school
and then like very straightforward in in
terms of story structure basically
there's like this very mysterious giant
abyss that everyone is trying to explore
but as you try to return
from it you depending on what level
you're returning from it you get sick
and die so basically this girl really
wants to see her mother who is
supposedly at the bottom of the abyss
and so she's headed down try to find her
mom and explore things knowing that
she'll die yeah yeah actually trying to
accept that it's pretty it's pretty dark
right off the get-go where she she has
this like acceptance where she might not
ever see her friends again
yeah you just kind of get the bends on
the way up you know and the pressure
builds and slows yeah that's pretty
what is they call it the curse of the
abyss hadji when I in forces it's about
waifu's is it about what it is I mean
they're children so dear guys let's move
on okay
tell rule seven one three seven says
who's going to win in the tournament of
retired pros in Hong Kong does na have
any chance sorry this was interesting
because they went for almost all of WV
and almost all of season one fnatic so
think and then with na they're like ah
let's grab some friend guys oh my god LG
yeah they got chowster ha cha Angelo's
extra like I think the original goal was
GSM and that didn't necessarily pan out
but they didn't get cheering yeah k ox
is on there mhm
the rest of TSM is uh who's going to win
and who has a chance
I feel like train is going to win and na
has no chance uh maybe I just don't know
how much like any people still play the
game monster actually plays the game at
all yeah I don't think you plays at all
link was playing recently 4000 couldn't
get the start uh but since then like
I've been playing pub G with link I
don't see him practicing time I don't
know what K ox is doing either you know
like I mean expert a was just playing
last split so okay support
we shall streams like every day I'm
vases to mark see opinions on this key
so far I think he's alright
I think he's getting a little bit
overhyped right now just because he
flashed and oreonna Q after he was still
enraged she gets done like a second
before it and the ball just timed out
I'm pretty sure so I think that
teamfight was like really overblown by a
lot of people were they're like oh my
god he got our quadric Alex that's like
he almost died he should have died
probably uh but other than that I think
he's like mechanically really good in
the 1v1 he can carry games he sometimes
room as well I like his champion pool I
just don't think when you stack them up
against like the other really good na
mids anything special a Pluto's some
four four three all signless to Kelsey
to being expect Kate will come back to
the LCS now that og has basically failed
no I don't think so no I think you I
mean I think you kind of still wanted to
play but I decide to want to play after
this they see good mark obviously this
is love the Gillette sponsorship yes
probably keep paying him to do nothing
I'm sure his buddies a brand ambassador
his yeh says is Mike Young still a lock
for Rookie of the split sounds like
probably not given that no one here is
able to say yes what if you Alan is mr.
Locke for rocks yeah I want to do it do
you want Nick here and oh my god great
the thing is you want to say no but then
you look at the alternatives and sleep
so I guess the answer is no he's not a
walk right Cara Lee yeah it's been a
pretty underwhelming rookie split for
everybody
meanwhile Europe always has so many
rookies you guys Europe is very exciting
so as China we always have so many
rookies you guys should watch here up in
China you have be Ricky you have rotated
his rookies it's like a it's like a boy
band
well he is in a boy band look cool
it's funny because he'll literally play
with four rookie players sometimes
because they'll play the shy instead of
Duke Jules Jose says with playoffs
looming whether the chances someone not
g9 CLG or TSM when the NA LCS 40% 40%
chance that a team other than those
three will win yeah because the other
two teams are dig in the mortal
immortals yes so you know three teams
are likely to make it 60% chance the
other forty or the other two teams rate
I think they're asking for like betting
odds especially I know I mean I kind of
hope that at the very least a new
teammate that's a final I hope TSM
fucking Buster's out round one that's
what I hope Wow we found the actual
theism yeah yeah relation welding
getting yeah I've been writing on TSN
because I want them to improve and I'm
just calling them out on their flaws
that they address them I want to make
the best where as marks you know I'll
make the best video about this this
episode where it just mark being like
what's wrong with gangbangs bioproducts
I will hope TSM Buster's I hope I was
drinking before the show started I got
really really starts today bears drink
app says for mark who is better oh my
god order doc us this gets kind of into
the question of defined better like in
terms of individual skill I'll just go
with that that's no fun than dar doc
probably okay if you're talking about
like who can you actually win with I
would probably say Omar God most likely
I haven't seen enough yet oh no because
it is a good question for me because do
you think that CLG is still like a top
team and then buy top I guess top team I
just defined loosely but they looked
like a top 3 team and now do we still
feel like they're a top 30
well the question is how much more would
they have deteriorated if they did not
do any of this roster versus where what
level will they end up with Omar God and
we're not quite there yet but
just given the histories and the data
that we have about when things start
going wrong with dark on your team I
think there's no way in hell you do well
in playoffs and so I would say for that
reason alone probably still Gees better
off with Omar God that that doesn't
assume make him a better player
Wayfarers asks what was Mark drinking
like coffee he thought the whole go for
yeah there's apparently a lot of
Bailey's or something makes sense yes
ma'am Gigi says thoughts on gold coin
United winning challenger and their odds
of getting a spot in the LCS next year
with franchising I mean the first thing
is but we can't really know what their
application is or if they get random
funding or anything like this yeah I
think it would really depend on whether
they found a sponsor like a larger
sponsor is going to be a lot of
applicants that will muscle the
applicant is submitted last week and our
applications customers last week and we
haven't heard any announcements far as
I'm having anybody behind them so it's
very unlikely okay well so they do have
people behind them they are basically
NRG yeah people so like I don't know if
I hope you're avoiding their favor then
we have change in that yeah I guess I
thinking of like they don't have an MSG
they don't have like a Dallas Cowboys
they don't have like a Houston Rockets
or whatever what didn't energy have like
the Sacramento Kings they have people
well poor part owners in the Sacramento
King it's sort of like you can't say
teamliquid has going State Warriors I
mean I think the thing for me with GCU
is that if I was looking at a team that
had a look like was on the bubble of
making it into franchising and
discounting the sponsorship Eng the
thing I would look at next to see how
well they I guess some markets
so in which case I think that is a point
slightly against them just because I
haven't really seen them like I feel
like what riot is looking for or like
people who are thinking really big and
they're going to be like this giant
eSports organization or whatever and I
don't get that sense from jus like I'm
not trying to poop on them or anything
like I thought they played well in the
and the finals and I like some of the
players on their team especially fly I'm
like one of the biggest fly apologist
well I think I'm gonna go on a trip with
Travis on this one and they don't have a
chance
yes sir which they seem like nice people
so from what I've heard anyway but I
feel like their odds are pretty slim but
again we don't know we don't know who's
applying and I think probably a lot of
people apply but any event that like not
as many people apply this we all would
have thought then they might have a
chance
yeah Travis said they really feel your
conviction there I think I mean one area
that we are not well that we are
speculating you know because we don't
have all the data we're just assuming
there are a lot of big names that have a
player yeah remember when you're pulling
out Elon Musk and he's got his you know
solar panels or something yeah he's
pitching on them on like weekends we can
we can put it all over the LCS and then
it'll be a self-sufficient studio dream
big huh yeah I don't think it'll be that
outlandish but I think that there will
be some definitely some contenders so
alright let's do sign outs
Emily rands working people and your
stuff you got anything to promote um
yeah I mean I have a bunch of stuff
coming out this week that you can find
it all sorts of places today am i so if
you wanted to know kind of a more
specific overview of the lck playoffs
gauntlet possibilities and article that
came out and yes the end today that goes
all over over all of those and I'll have
a bunch of other feature interviews and
I'm doing in tradition of articles that
no one will read as a follow-up to my
fkc SPS last week I'm actually writing
about lmq in North America this week so
I have it
jeez I I mean I hope so I awesome I just
really present a PS piece but I don't
think many people read it
certain things have longevity it's like
the team is still playing in the na LCS
so if you wrote about histories about
something that was really interesting
that happened to CLG in season four
maybe but I don't know I feel like lmq
they were there for an entire season and
then they got they're gone so I don't
know how much people don't care because
the new process the new viewer base
actually has a lot of people who weren't
watching and dozen 14 right yeah yeah
just wondering if it gets the same kind
of attention as like those xyg things
because your age it doesn't mean little
interesting actually yeah I like those
but I'm also not like the you know I'm
the kind of person who would like if
someone else for an article don't you
also play those teams that are still
around to like yeah
I'm slinky Kelsey and oh no I was like
today I'm going to Korea I'll see em
I'll be in Boston that's over Emily okay
you're not going to Boston care gonna be
in Korea no I'm going to Korea first and
I'm going straight to Boston okay nice
are you going over there free one in
particular you just kept sending
yourself I'm gonna do some freelance
stuff I'm doing a bunch of freelance
stuff but specifically I'm going for
okay final alright and Kelsey I write
stuff for ESPN and slingshot and I
interview EU LCS players oh okay that's
great mark I again homeless fights
sometimes I put them up on YouTube
receipt oh hi YouTube do you know I know
I've been a little lazy with my youtube
just because I've been really busy with
offline TV stuff so I've been so worried
bad about yeah traffic is still better
about this I mean it's got it still
pretty well it's got a lot of views
maybe I just feel like you're trapped by
how it works
oh no like this is marks back-up plan
he's like I'll just become a youtube
star and then I'll be like that guy
living somewhere in LA that everybody
wants to get rid of that's like the
stupid prankster guy from arc Mark
Pollard's yes something like that I
don't know just wants to be the homeless
guy okay and then three years from now
mark will be have millions and millions
of dollars and suddenly come out as a
racist why do you talk about this as a
pit bull until that racist part why do
you tell you I probably gonna shake this
thing like Oh Bart branch out like
succeeded in life fuck because no one
really marks oh I don't really know it's
just something that like to be honest
that project was not going well scar ass
I said I would help there's a an
agreement that was reached oh well like
I'm not going to just fucking spend like
12 hours a week on a pet project of
somebody else's okay so you just sold
out that's what I'm hearing no I wanted
to do it too okay well that part came
after your like it wasn't going well
Skaar came to me on his hands and knees
with a blank check so I said what's the
Dover mark I saved it I bet if you asked
a looper similar questions about why he
joined echo fox he would have queue of
good answers like I really wanted to
definitely like time at the end of the
bed just because ur cannot speak more
than like seven words yes that's true
definitely black Tony says offline TV
would be worth watching if they had
bumfights
I mean that's probably the next thing
we're going to try offline TV gets into
underground fighting things it would be
sick
yeah cuz nice play the captain's format
or whatever where it's like yeah skaara
is sending you you know poke you mean
everybody out in like like kind of
Pokemon style where it's like who's
going to king of the hill format kind of
deal it sounds like a good idea
traversal of your content ideas but
anyways follow my Twitter NACS is
wrapped up now so I'm done with that on
Thursdays so it's mostly LCS my YouTube
offline TV and this fucking show and
tonight mark and I will be getting
dinner is gonna be sick most likely it
depends for the timing of it
you said you refer something there in
anything well yeah I mean my
girlfriend's coming up so if it's too
late tonight like I'm not gonna hang out
with you over her
well we already heard what you're into
earlier the show so alright guys my name
is Travis got really sticking around
after the show you can follow me at
Travis Gabbard please support me I am
unemployed and well I might look better
than Marc I'm more homeless and he is
Travis gaffer dot-com slash support and
yeah that's it thanks for watching this
has been another episode of League
Weekly